hey YouTube what's up so today I'm going
to be talking about my top five number
one cheap makeup tricks i know because i
really like makeup and i don't have a
lot of money so this is for all you who
have the same situation as me first
thing i'm going to be talking about oh
yeah alright glue stick glue stick or a
bar of soap lightly wet to conceal your
eyebrows if you do pageants or you just
want to hide them so that you can
reshape your eyebrows glue stick cheap
you don't have to buy putty and stuff
like that so glue stick number one glue
stick number two you don't need primary
you can use foundation of course not
like powder foundation but this can be
used as primer it makes your eyeshadows
look brighter just like primer does so
foundation number two number three baby
powder it doesn't wait you don't need
you don't need translucent powder i'm
off my wit today you don't need
translucent powder baby powder will add
just a slight bit more pale like white
to your face but it will set your
foundation just as good as translucent
powder and it works because it doesn't
really show up with a color necessarily
but it will turn your face a little tiny
bit wider
a bit more of a shade their number four
extra virgin olive oil extra virgin
olive oil not any other kind of oil just
extra virgin you have to make sure it's
extra virgin it's makeup remover it
removes anything any kind of makeup it
will remove it and it conditions your
eyelashes so that you can grow them so
that they can grow yeah and it also
conditions here your eyebrows it doesn't
clog pores it's actually really good for
your skin but you have to make sure it's
extra virgin olive oil and number five
it's kind of
this is icing color but you can use food
coloring if you like lip stains pick out
your favorite color or make it there's
just some red icing color that I got in
the wedding section and party section at
a Walmart right it comes in a little jar
and it's a gel and it's a lot but you
mix it with water and you put a couple
coats or whatever you want on your lips
and it slips skating what lip stain is
way cheaper than buying like covergirl
lip stain right so those are my top five
cheap makeup tricks and I hope this
video helped somebody please comment
rate subscribe that's about it thank you
everybody